Added support for Polars DataFrame and LazyFrame (#1614)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/api.md

(Showing first 2 rows)
```

> ### Polars

Reviewer: Thanks for the docs! This is great. Only thing i would add is to also mention the difference between
`iceberg_table.to_polars()` and `iceberg_table.scan().to_polars()`

PyIceberg interfaces closely with Polars Dataframes and LazyFrame which provides a full lazily optimized query engine interface on top of PyIceberg tables.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

!!! note "Requirements"

>     This requires [`polars` to be installed](index.md).

Reviewer: i know the other sections also do the same, but we should mention `pyiceberg['polars']` as a way to install this dep

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### Working with Polars DataFrame

PyIceberg makes it easy to filter out data from a huge table and pull it into a Polars dataframe locally. This will only fetch the relevant Parquet files for the query and apply the filter. This will reduce IO and therefore improve performance and reduce cost.

> ```python

Reviewer: nit: can you run this python code through a code formatter?

Author: done

schema = Schema(
    NestedField(field_id=1, name='ticket_id', field_type=LongType(), required=True),
    NestedField(field_id=2, name='customer_id', field_type=LongType(), required=True),
    NestedField(field_id=3, name='issue', field_type=StringType(), required=False),
    NestedField(field_id=4, name='created_at', field_type=TimestampType(), required=True), 
  required=True
)

iceberg_table = catalog.create_table(
    identifier='default.product_support_issues',
    schema=schema
)

pa_table_data = pa.Table.from_pylist(
[
    {'ticket_id': 1, 'customer_id': 546, 'issue': 'User Login issue', 'created_at': 1650020000000000},
    {'ticket_id': 2, 'customer_id': 547, 'issue': 'Payment not going through', 'created_at': 1650028640000000},

>     ...

Reviewer: nit remove this so the examples can be easily copy/pasted

(Showing first 2 rows)
```

### Polars

PyIceberg interfaces closely with Polars Dataframes and LazyFrame which provides a full lazily optimized query engine interface on top of PyIceberg tables.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

!!! note "Requirements"
    This requires [`polars` to be installed](index.md).

```
pip install pyiceberg['polars']
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> PyIceberg data can be analyzed and accessed thru Polars using either DataFrame or LazyFrame.
> If your code utilizes the Apache Icberg data scanning and retrival API, and further analize the resulted DataFrame in Polars, use the scan().to_plars() API.
> If the intent is to utilize Polars high perfromance filtering and retrival functionality use LazyFrame exported from the Icberg Table directly, Table().to_polars() API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyIceberg data can be analyzed and accessed through Polars using either DataFrame or LazyFrame.
If your code utilizes the Apache Iceberg data scanning and retrieval API and then analyzes the resulting DataFrame in Polars, use the `table.scan().to_polars()` API.
If the intent is to utilize Polars' high-performance filtering and retrieval functionalities, use LazyFrame exported from the Iceberg table with the `table.to_polars()` API.
```

> ```pyhton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```
